# 1. Popularity of various Uber drivers

  A survey would be quite suitable here; however, you must be aware of voluntary bias. Those customers with really bad or really good experiences are more likely to
  respond, therefore to mitigate this you might want to consider some kind of incentive system for customers who do submit surveys, such as discounts on future rides.



# 2. A grocery store wants to know how much people like strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla ice cream

  While a survey would be nice (and relatively cheap to administer), you already have behavioral data in the form of actual sales, so this information alone
  should be sufficient to answer that question. However, supplementing this data with self-reported data could offer you greater insights into how people truly
  feel about their ice cream flavor versus the actual choices they make at the store; possible indicator of other cofounders that impact this decision such as pricing.



#  3. Trojan wants to know whether their condoms are more popular among straight people or gay people

  This is a pretty sensitive issue, so surveys seem practical here. However, you need to account for the big discrepancy among population sizes (heterosexual vs homosexual),
  thus, in order to make any statistically relevant inferences about the differences among the two groups you must satisfy the Power equation. Power = mu/(sigma/n)



# 4. Recently, rental rates for HappyCars have increased by 30%, which is quite unusual. You want to find out why this is happening and how to keep the increase going.

  While a survey might be useful, it seems other factors such as time of year, location and/or major events may be influencing this increase more. This seasonality effects
  can be observed from historical rental car rates, after which you may determine a survey would be useful here, but that would not be my first tactic.



# 5. Assessing the success rate of a new advertising campaign.

  Again, this seems to be something that could first be assessed using historical price data. This strategy could be used to indicate certain cofounders in the success rate
  of the campaign, however, if other factors changed during this campaign in addition to the advertising strategy (such as price or societal issues), a survey could be used
  in conjunction with historical data to help identify these factors. These could include race, age, gender, etc.



# 6. Measuring the effect of nurse/patient ratio on patient recovery rates in hospital wards.

  This question can also be somewhat answered using historical data; in particular admittance/discharge dates and number of nurses/patients per area of a hospital. However, these
  numbers alone might not explain outbreaks of certain infectious diseases such as the flu, or if that hospital was staffed with unqualified nurses. For this (latter) a survey
  would be beneficial but would need to be weighted less than observed data. Infectious disease data can be obtained from the CDC and should be included in your analysis.
  Furthermore, recovery rates for traumatic brain injury wards will more than likely be much longer than that of, say, a ward that treats common ailments.

